\subsection{Discussion}

One important difference between the monolithic and the distributed approach is
the ease of implementation. The monolithic mothership is complicated but all
other agents are relatively simple. This makes it hard to implement the
mothership itself but the agents for the robots and services are trivial to
implement after their core functionality is implemented. The mothership itself
becomes quite complicated as there is quite a lot of bookkeeping involved to
keep track of which responses need to be send to which agents. For example,
when an agent needs to be send somewhere then a path to that location should
be planned which is done by a separate agent. Once this path finding agent
responds with a path then the mothership needs to forward it on to the right
agent. Because multiple paths can be planned at the same time it needs to keep
track of which path needs to be forwarded to the which agent. This kind of
bookkeeping is what makes the monolithic supervisor complicated.

The distributed supervisor method is harder to implement because more
communication is needed between the different agents. This means that there are
more moving parts, but they are also smaller than with the monolithic
mothership. More care needs to be taken to implement this and make all the
agents communicate with each other correctly. There is also the complication
that agents need to send confirmation to the supervisor whenever they receive
an order, it is sometimes possible that they are not able to execute this order
and thus they need to notify the supervisor to issue it again later.

\subsection{Relevance}

With our system we got a better insight on how to incorporate information from
the digital and real world and how to combine both information source in to a
multi agents framework. These insights could help on improving search and
rescue techniques but could also be applied to other situation for example:
traffic flow coordination or in distribution centres where multiple robots
drive around and handle different kinds of tasks.  

